// Meaning And Association of Colors //

Red :
      Anxiety, Arousing, Daring, Dominant, Energy, Excitements, 
      Health, Life, Love, Passion, Power, Protection, Spirited, Stimulating,
      Strength, Up-To-Date.
 
Orange :
         Abundance, Arousing, Comfort, Daring, Excitements, 
         Extraversion, Fun, Happiness, Lively, Security, Sensuality, 
         Spirited, Warmth.

Yellow :
         Arousing, Cheerful, Confidence, Creativity, Excitements,
         Extravesion, Friendliness, Happiness, Optimism,
         Self-Esteem, Sincerity, Smiley, Spiritrd.
 
 Green : 
        Clam, Comfort, Equilibrium, Harmony, Health,
        Hope, Nature, Outdoorsy, Peace, Prosperity, Relaxation,
        Security, Serenity, Sooting, Tender.

Blue :
       Clam, Comfort, Competence, Coolness, Dignified Duty,
       Efficiency, Intelligence, Logic, Peace,Reflection, Relaxation,
       Realibility, Security, Serenity, Soothing, Successful,
       Tender, Tranquility, Trust.


Purple :
         Authenticity, Charming, Dignified, Exclusive, Luxury,
         Quality, Regal, Sensuality, Sophistication, Spiritual, 
         Stately, Upper Class.

Pink :
       Charming, Cheerful, Feminine, Gentale, Nurturing,
       Sincerity, Soft, Sophistication, Tranquility, Warmth.

Brown :
       Nature, Outdoorsy, Realibility, Ruggedeness, Security,
       Support, Tough.

Black :
        Dignified, Efficiency, Elegance, Emotional Safety, Glamour,
        Power, Richness, Ruggedeness, Security, Sophistication, Stately,
        Substance, Tough ,Upper Class.

White :
        Clam, Clarity, Cleanness, Down-to-Earth, Happiness, Heavens, Honest,
        Hygiene, Innoceonce, Peace, Purity, Serenity, Sincerity, Soothing, Tender.



        We can't make a design by using single colors at least there should be 3 differents 
        colors i.e

        1. Primaary colors
        2. Secondary colors 
        3. Accent colors (colors i.e like in a final form or like the colors in CTA(call to action) 
                           buttom or , High Priority section which only used 10 % around only  )



To find a Colors Wheel Search :

Adobe Color Wheel 

There are two types of color in colors wheel i.e
a. Warm Colors 
b. Cool Colors

In a Circle of Colors Wheel the diameters seperates the colors from diameter to the top point 
we called it as a warm colors and from diameter to buttom points we called it as cool colors.

Each Colors has 256 different Sets 
lets take an example 

RGB ( Red Green Blue )
each differents colors has 256 differents parts 
so 256 * 256 * 256 = 16777216 

The Depth of the Colors are Follows

8,10,16,32 Bits
Above Them also We mostly used 8 and 10 only 
for Social Media We used 8 bits
And for movies 10 bits 

We can used colors in 3 different category 

 60 - 30 - 10 

Primary colors : 60
Secondary colors : 30
Accent colors : 10

A parts from the above 3 colors Black and White Colors always exits as Neutral Colors

Go to resource button and click on Pluging and Search Tailwind Css Colors Generators to generate the colors 

